(intense, percussive music)
I want to prepare you before watching this video.
The subject is dark, but I felt it was worth speaking of
because it could be useful to anyone who is
considering joining the military,
or who is already enlisted.
The implications are deep.
Douglas Dietrich was a military research librarian
with a high clearance
for the purpose of acquiring access
to ancient documents and books
containing Satanic rituals,
which he says are practiced
by many high-ranking military officers.
He speaks frankly about working under an officer
who was also known as a Satanic Priest.
Dietrich explains that
it was the invocation of spirits by the Japanese
in World War Two that prompted
U.S. Military involvement in the summoning of entities,
including demons.
It's a pleasure to have you here, Douglas.
I, I was, certainly your speech was eye-opening.
I think a lot of people that are watching this right now
have been exposed to a tremendous amount of information.
Especially of this nature, of a conspiracy nature.
Both on this site and other sites.
And yet what you brought to the table yesterday,
I think, was new and surprising for a number of people.
And I have to say, part of the reason
I wanted to talk to you about this in particular
is that I think the cracks in the other systems
that are beginning to crumble,
which really has to do with more insidious practices
from the inside,
have been revealed.
We know about the (laughs) financial system,
political system,
to a stretch, the educational system, and so forth.
Religions, but now we're talking military.
Right.
And, so it's an interesting perspective
because I don't think that a lot of people understand
that the military is a huge bureaucracy in the United States,
and what we've done is we've kind of
gone through various mutations and swings
in the American culture,
where, unlike other cultures where there's been
a tradition of military service and military history,
America's an extremely young culture,
and America's culture was far more of a pioneer culture,
far more of an enterprising culture.
And the military has been essentially
peripheral to it.
Certainly when my father joined the Navy,
he joined the Navy before Pearl Harbor,
and that was at a time when the greensward
of every major urban metropolis in The United States
would have signs that said,
"Sailors and Dogs, Keep off the Grass."
So, at that point in history--
It was more like merchant marines
or something.
I mean, in terms of people's perception of military.
That's correct.
It was, well, it was actually...
That's a good way of putting it, but it was also
people who would otherwise be in jail.
And these were just welfare bums.
Basically, these were people who were like,
too lazy to go out and enterprise,
and get an honest job,
and it was looked on as the loser's option.
And...
So there wasn't this tremendous professional context.
There was no warrior class of Prussian Junkers,
or Samurai, or some kind of--
Yes, very good point.
Yeah, and as a result, what you had was this kind of
very bizarre perspective of,
"Okay well, the losers go into, into this field."
So that's the way it was before the war,
and then during the war of course,
you had this tremendous mobilization.
You had the concept of a "professional" military develop.
But, because of the draft of the second world war,
they could pick and choose who they wanted,
and, and they certainly did so.
Then, when the big demobilization came,
then you had a kind of swing back into the direction
that it was before, where you had kind of like,
"Well, who would go into that
"unless it was a state of war?"
And as a result, the,
the draft continued.
Which was part of that wartime paradigm.
And with the cessation of the draft,
is where we've come into the military
that I'm basically telling you about.
Because, well, obviously, I was born in 1966,
and what I grew up seeing when I was a
Department of Defense librarian,
when I started off as a librarian's aide,
I was essentially a teenager, at 17 years of age.
Before even legal drinking age.
What I started off as was a,
somebody who was exposed to the post-Vietnam military,
post-draft military, where their biggest personnel problems
was, "How do we get people in?"
And that's where you had more and more of a veering
towards the quote unquote "professional".
You come in here again, and we're gonna
pay for your education.
But it was very much a sham,
because all of the,
the so-called G.I. Bill,
which World War Two G.I.s were able to take care of,
was no longer proportionately rewarding.
Because the modern economy negated your ability
to go to any college you wanted.
You would be going to a community college.
Fascinating.
If you had never been in the militar--
You're not gonna go to an Ivy League,
you're not gonna go to some college of your choice.
You're going to be taking what little they give you,
and do what you can with it.
And these days, it's infinitely worse.
It's like dollar for dollar.
You put a dollar in, we'll put a dollar in
towards your college.
And since the average military person
is literally on welfare.
By that I mean literally, many military people
are given food stamps.
That there's nothing they're going to be putting
towards college.
So...
So that's a sales job.
Yes, it's a sales job.
And as a result, you get people, especially now,
who literally, once again,
are given choices between jail or the military.
Quite, quite a few times.
Yes, yes.
And that's what I was trying to emphasize last night,
in terms of,
there's this mystique now.
It's a post-Vietnam kind of overreaction
where during the Vietnam War, the entire military
was vociferously repudiated,
and everyone was a baby killer,
and then of course there was this kind of guilt
in the post-Vietnam era, where,
"Oh, how can we treat the homecoming G.I.s like that?"
They're, approximately nine percent of the population
is veterans, but 60 percent of the population's homeless
are veterans.
They constitute, they constitute only nine percent
of the American population, approximately,
but they constitute 60 percent of America's homeless.
So then everybody starts saying, "Oh how can we do that?"
So now it's like everyone who's in the military is a saint.
(laughs)
And, so what needs to be addressed is a balance.
Yes, and you go the movie theaters now,
and they're selling really hard
to get people into the military.
Yes.
I mean, it is, you basically
have your PlayStation, and you're bombing cultures
from halfway around the world,
and you're, at the same time, saving their little children
to whichever rock musician has agreed to do the contract
for that piece.
And it's really the licensing fees, and all--
It's just amazing what it's become.
It's become, as you say, sort of this glossy, sexy
enterprise that doesn't deliver when you get there.
Right, yes.
And that's very sad.
Because I notice like, for instance, with the,
The Battle of Los Angeles, that film,
which ironically came out after I was
basically organizing my Roswell and the Rising Sun DVD.
What I was talking about was the Japanese war efforts
in World War Two.
The Americans were doing their best with a propaganda blitz
during World War Two to hide the fact
that the Japanese made any inways into the American coast.
So one of the things that occurred during World War Two
was of course the Battle of Los Angeles.
I've explained bits and pieces of that in my DVD.
Of course, the DVD wasn't dedicated to that specifically,
but the science-fiction film that was released recently
was, thankfully, not based on 1942's Battle of Los Angeles,
but it just took advantage of that historical incident
to make a two and a half hour Marine Corps recruiting ad.
That's exactly what it was.
It makes it sexy and glamorous, heroic.
Yes, yes.
That's not the reality of what you're seeing,
of these poor, shattered individuals when they come home
from a few tours of duty.
That's--
And you know, you've been there.
You've been there twice.
Well, I think we all know that,
and I think that's almost kind of like,
that would be belaboring the obvious.
Yes it would.
And I think what I shocked you, or the audience with
last night, was more or less the aspects of ritual Satanism.
Well, that's what I wanted to get into,
is before it was kind of God and country.
World War Two, God and country.
Right.
Everybody came home and you know,
you came home with having done your duty to both.
Right.
God and country.
It's changed since then.
Yes.
What's at the real core of it?
Including, we're talking, four-star Brigadier Generals?
Yes, that's correct.
Is really another story entirely,
and that's where I'd like to get into it.
And I'd like to start with the bit you told us about
the Japanese, and invoking the spirits during World War Two,
which you alluded to a moment ago.
That, we tried to, the press said
they weren't really making an inroads in general.
But let's talk about where that's not true.
Yeah, well, in terms of lack of inroads in general,
one of the,
one of the, by that I was referring to what they did
on the American front,
and certainly what had happened was that the Japanese
not only invaded Alaska, which was,
it took the Americans enormous amount of effort
to respond to,
but also they had bombed America
with 10,000 balloon bombs
that the American government entirely hid
from the American public, entirely dismissed.
But the Japanese got enormous strategic value
out of that, because they were mapping
the wind currents.
Because that was what they were going to use later on
to disperse biological weapons.
And by mapping the wind currents, they were able to
present the Americans with a wind-mapping situation
because all of the wind, especially the jet stream,
blows only from Japan towards America.
It does not (laughs) reverse.
And--
As we know right now
with radiation, yeah.
That's correct.
And so the Japanese were able to threaten the Americans
into concessions using that,
and that's what I go into in my DVD,
Roswell and the Rising Sun.
So these are, these are aspects on the more mundane
or secular level of warfare.
But on the occult level of warfare,
when it came to the defense of their homeland,
what I was speaking to last night,
something the Americans went
overwhelmingly out of their way to hide,
and the American high command found that
truly impressive, truly terrifying.
Moreso than the threat of mass genocide
by biological weapons on their homeland.
And that was the fact that the Japanese
could invoke, using the sacrifice of the self,
the spirits of their ancestors,
the spirits of their gods,
based on their history of having done so.
We have to remember that in 1941,
Japan was 2,600 years old, as a civilization.
And still today, they have the longest
unbroken line of a dynastic family.
On Earth.
Basically, certainly before World War Two,
you could legitimately say that
every single person in Japan, in one way or another,
indirectly was related to the Emperor.
They were, in a very real sense, one huge family.
And so that creates a powerful bond,
probably closer than any other large ethnic group,
where they could mobilize a kind of
monofocal concentration.
And that's exactly what happened,
there was a spiritual mobilization by
Kuromaku, or The Black Curtain, as it was known,
which was a military organization of Shinto Priests.
And using the Ryobu Shinto Kami way,
meaning, Kamis are the divine spirits of Japan.
The nature spirits.
Everything in Japan,
like a, like a particularly well-eroded rock,
a particularly gnarled or wizened tree,
has a spirit.
This is translated into their modern technology,
where they feel that inanimate objects,
such as certain well-developed prototypes
such as robotics,
robotic constructs, can imbue a spirit.
So it translates into the modern era.
And, but what they did with the mass Kamikaze
war effort, which the American high command ordered
all the way down the chain of command,
all the way down the line.
No one back home heard about the Kamikazes
any more than they heard about
the balloon bombing.
It was, the U.S. government chose to respond
to these Japanese strategems with total blackout,
total silencing.
Where did the
balloon bombing occur, by the way?
That occurred all throughout the Pacific Northwest,
in particular, was probably the hardest-hit regions
where massive forest fires occurred.
We're talking about massive firestorms,
where the Americans had to respond
with smoke jumpers,
which were sent in to put the fires out.
And what they responded to with,
because they wanted to keep it secret,
and make it look like there was no military assault
on the American homeland,
what they did was they took all these African-Americans
out of the Conservation Corps,
which had been set up by Roosevelt,
and they trained them in smoke jumping.
And they had them parachute in
to fight these enormous forest fires,
but they had what they called, "Black Parachutes".
They weren't colored black, but they gave them
only to the black men.
These were, they said, "We're short on silk,"
and they just gave them these very small parachutes,
which have enormous impact on the body.
When you unfurl a small parachute that can literally,
the shock effect of a small parachute opening up,
can shatter every bone in a man's body.
And half of these African-Americans would just
burn alive in the firestorms because
when the parachute opened up, and I have--
Actually, I have photographs of this that I,
that I've shown.
You know, they would just be hanging limp,
and totally helpless because their bones were shattered,
and by the time they hit the ground,
they would just be into the middle of the fire, and burning.
That's so, yeah.
But, and that of course, yeah--
I just wanted to ask you,
'cause we didn't go into it earlier.
Right, understood.
But in terms of the Japanese home islands,
what was going on was that the Americans
were basically confronted of a sudden with the fact that,
"Well, the Japanese are killing themselves,
"and they're making enormous inroads in terms of damage
"to our men and equipment."
But it was known that no matter--
Because they had a smaller population,
no matter how many ships or men they took down,
could they conceivably make enough of an erosive dent
in the American war machine where this would stop it.
And the Japanese themselves weren't counting on that,
it's what the Japanese were going to call up.
And because 700 years before World War Two,
they had managed to defeat an overwhelming
and technologically advanced enemy,
the Mongol Empire,
which had taken Korean engineers,
were some of the most advanced in the world.
The Koreans had not only had gunpowder,
but the Koreans also had invented the printing press
long before the Europeans,
and were therefore able to technologically
pass on their mechanistic inventions
throughout their society in such a way that
they would have been a major force in the world stage
if it hadn't been for the Mongol invasions.
And so the Mongols incorporated their
engineering genius.
The giant riverboat building technology of the Chinese,
these riverboats were twice the size of any
European ship, and well over 200 feet long.
But they were, the idea of using riverboats on the high seas
might seem ridiculous, but the distance between
Japan and Korea, and the Asian mainland
is very, very small.
And so it was a, it was an easy gamble.
It was a sensible, rational gamble.
And the Koreans used literally thousands of these ships,
as I said, it was 40,000 ships.
You wouldn't see anything like that until D-Day.
To transport tens of thousands of Mongol Marines,
they had advanced gunpowder, and what they would call,
instead of cannon balls, catapult balls,
which they were overwhelming the Japanese with
before the Japanese could even meet them face to face.
And as a result, the Emperor of Japan just
got onto his knees and prayed to the gods
of his ancestors for an answer.
And it was out of nowhere, spontaneously,
that you had a divine win,
as the Japanese interpret it, occur.
A major hurricane, a typhoon, as they call it in Asia,
came out of nowhere.
20-meter waves, 150-mile-per-hour winds,
and 70,000 men went into the sea.
And no naval disaster has ever matched that.
It would be as if the entire invasion force at D-Day sank.
And so the Japanese felt that they were able to
channel this again if they made enough of a self-sacrifice,
and so when they confronted the Americans,
"We can do this,"
and the Americans had seen enough
in terms of the, what was almost to the Americans
a supernatural effect, of what the Japanese were doing.
Like I said, breaking the sound barrier, even though
that was a technological barrier, breakthrough,
using their piloted rocket bombs,
the Ohka missiles that I had shown in the presentation.
To the Americans, the breaking of the sound barrier
was so new in terms of physics,
this was almost magical.
Yeah, mystical, yeah.
And they were impressed enough where they said,
"Well, let's send a, Doctor Compton over there
"and we'll see if the Japanese can do this."
So there was a cease fire that was declared.
There was that 18-minute ceremony
on the battleship Missouri, which,
it would take me several minutes to go into,
as to why that was so farcical.
The Japanese were still fighting the Soviets at the time,
that the Soviets were also on the Missouri, signing that.
Nobody who was present at that ceremony
took that ceremony as anything other than a cease fire.
Everyone was still legally at war.
Title 38 of the U.S. Code, which is equivalent to
an executive order, it is law,
states that for benefits from injuries incurred
during World War Two,
all of those benefits can be accrued and claimed
up until December 31st, 1946.
So certainly, the government themselves, by law,
does not think the war ended in 1945.
Right, right.
But the point that I'm making is that
after the surrender ceremony,
the Americans on Okinawa were watching and waiting,
and the Kamikaze did develop.
And that, worse than that, the Japanese seemed to be
able to direct it.
They directed it exactly--
When you say Kamikaze,
this could confuse people.
Understood.
Because they're thinking Kamikaze pilots.
Understood, yes.
Versus what, the spirit
you're speaking of.
The, the, that's correct.
The divine wind is what I'm speaking of.
And the Kamikaze pilots and suicide torpedo men,
it was not only in the air,
but whatever self-destructive vehicles they were in,
including explosive motorboats, were known as Shinyo,
there were various other mediums of auto-immolation
to self-sacrifice the warrior
to bring forth the spirit of the gods,
to invoke them.
And so when the Kamikaze took that name,
it was simply from the name of the divine manifestation
they were trying to trigger.
Trying to evoke.
Thank you for clarifying.
Yes.
Thank you.
And, and so the Americans had captured Okinawa.
They had basically, because no invasion was gonna
take place 'cause of a cease fire,
they didn't have the amount of men and materials
that would have been there,
but there were enough there to suffer the damage.
It was equivalent to like a nuclear test
where they line up all of the ships,
and then blow the hydrogen bomb to see
if an entire fleet can be blown up.
That, if you remember Bikini.
Mhmm, yes.
And that, this was the equivalent of that.
But the Americans left live guinea pigs.
They left a whole bunch of men stationed on Okinawa
'cause they had just invaded it,
and when Typhoon Louise, as the Americans titled it,
manifested on October 9th,
and by all logic of meteorology and wind currents,
should have passed away from Okinawa
between Taiwan and China,
and just on into the ocean and just dissipated,
it didn't conform to any meteorological patterns
known to man.
It manifested out of nowhere,
was directed, came straight toward--
That was the only way it was written of
in the American (laughs) files.
It was directed, they said.
It went straight towards Buckner Bay,
which the Americans had taken
the main Okinawan port, and named it after
a American general who had been killed taking it.
A Marine Corps general who'd been killed
taking Okinawa.
They renamed it after him, Buckner Bay.
Yeah, right towards Buckner Bay,
and I don't know if I got to the damage on the ships
last night, I gave some visual clue of it.
I told about what happened on the island itself.
Yes, the loss.
The damage, yes the loss of over
80 percent of their housing,
their medical supplies, their food,
all of the invasion materials that were left over,
that they hadn't transported back to the United States.
Hundreds of infantry landing vehic, ships.
Landing patrol boats, the tank transports,
all the rest of them were just totally demolished.
Planes were swept away out to sea,
never to be recovered.
At least 60 of them.
But in terms of the ships,
the damage was actually even worse.
We're talking about at least 22 major ships,
as I showed you with that photograph of aircraft carriers
dragging anchor.
The winds were just supernatural.
And so this was the equivalent, I mean,
I think we all realize that a volcano
has far more power in it
than hundreds of atomic bombs.
This was like that.
This was, this was a natural meteorological phenomena
that was the equivalent of multiple nuclear weapons.
Did the military at this time,
the American military at this time,
suspect or grasp that this was something
of a supernatural nature?
Absolutely, because what had happened was
with the Showa ultimatum,
and this is something I go into in my DVD,
Roswell and the Rising Sun,
with the Showa ultimatum that was delivered
after the Americans went nuclear,
when the Americans went nuclear with the
atomic bomb.
And this is what I tried to point out to the Americans,
is that, because what they hit were civilian targets,
it had no impact on the Japanese army in the field.
Just as 9-11 and the Pentagon attacks
in no way, shape, or form impacted the U.S. war machine.
Right.
There was no single U.S. soldier or tank,
or any military asset that was damaged by the 9-11 attacks
on the Pentagon and the twin towers.
The same with Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
When Hiroshima and Nagasaki took place,
they caused untold human suffering.
And what were the Americans killing?
Infants in their cribs, old, old people in their beds,
women and children.
All the men are in the field.
And so all the military assets are still out there
and goin' strong.
The Imperial Japanese Army was hurt not one whit
in function by the atomic bombs,
but by the Americans going nuclear,
they had conducted a terrorist act.
And at that point, the Emperor responded
with an ultimatum concerning the biological weapons.
And what he delivered with that was,
"And we can summon our ancestors,
"and the spirits of our ancestors in such a way
"that we can take your entire fleet down."
And the Americans responded by taking that seriously
because of what they had seen so far,
that they had hidden from the American public.
They said, "Well let's see if they can pull this off."
And since they had already taken Okinawa,
then they basically had a lotta men laying in wait
who were basically guinea pigs,
and they didn't inform them about it,
but there were scientific observers.
The scientific observers reported back,
"They did it."
Because that, nothing was happening
according to any natural laws.
Right.
According to all the wind currents,
that, that typhoon should never have manifested.
It should never, not in the way it did.
And it should never increased in intensity the way it did.
It should never have maneuvered the way it did.
Almost as if it had a mind of its own, and
and hit directly the port in which all of the invasion assets
had been parked and ported.
It was just, it was truly supernatural.
And--
Oh, I'm sorry, go ahead.
And, and October 15th, the Americans had to organize--
In 1945, the Americans had to organize
Operation Magic Carpet
to process 7,500 critically injured (laughs) American troops
back to the United States.
So now they're taking this seriously,
and because there's so much to cover
in the time we have left,
let's forward it to where the occult started,
this respect for the occult, let's call it that.
Yeah.
Started, really becoming entrenched
in the U.S. Military,
and how that began showing itself.
Well it's interesting.
It was there before, and that's why they took it seriously.
I think what the Japanese manifestation did,
was it converted them into a total paradigm
of occult warfare.
Whereas, before it had been a
American aspect, an aspect of American warfare.
And when Colonel Aquino had explained to me that
just as--
Just, tell us who this person is?
Colonel Michael Aquino was a
psychological warfare expert
who became a big player, and an important figure
in the Defense Intelligence Agency of the U.S. Military.
And he wound up working with the World Affairs Council,
and on second mint to Nato,
so he had international security clearances,
but he was a practicing Satanist,
he had been a member of The Church of Satan
of Anton LaVey.
But unlike Anton LaVey, whose Satanism was more
of a ritual humanism,
a worship of the self, a kind of human potential,
(laughs) if you will.
Right, very hedonistic, by nature.
Right.
Anton LaVey went towards a theistic--
Excuse me.
Colonel Michael Aquino had a schism with Anton LaVey
because he veered towards a theistic Satanism.
And so he wanted to manifest the forces of The Dark One,
literally.
But he was calling on tradition.
He didn't make this out of whole cloth himself.
What he explained to me, and quite logically,
this analogy is almost hackneyed and overused,
however it's inescapable and actually legitimate.
The United States is indeed the new Roman Empire,
and like the Roman Empire did not create its own divinities
or, or pantheon,
they simply incorporated that of the Greeks
and the Hellenik peoples,
and simply militarized them.
The Americans took the demons that had been invoked
or evoked from the days of John Dee, of the British Empire.
So when John Dee had served his Queen,
of the early days of the incipient global British Empire,
John Dee had been practicing an occult form of evocation
and invocation,
and after that you had it manifest in the more extreme forms
with Aleister Crowley.
But what the British do know of is that
many of the British elite and nobility were members
of what was known as the Hellfire Club.
A kind of hedonistic, very self-indulgent group of
decadent, upper-class people
who were dialling downstairs, so to speak,
to receive their instructions towards global dominance.
And I think many British people have the feeling that
this kind of all too
meteoric rise to preeminence,
it led also to all too meteoric a fall.
It dissipated so quickly, it was so ephemeral.
Oh, ephemeral, excuse me.
Almost like a dream in the night.
Kind of like the French Empire.
That, that was almost an inevitable product
of this kind of unnatural pact
from that of the Hellfire Club,
and the Americans inherited that.
So that's what Aquino was explaining to me.
Just as the Romans had stolen the divinities of the Greeks,
the American empire has stolen the demons
of the British Empire.
Now let's explain your relationship to Aquino.
Mhmm.
How, how were you in contact with him?
Well, as a librarian's aide, and then ultimately
a military reference technician,
I was assigned to liaison with Colonel Aquino
because Colonel Aquino desperately needed
the library's services to acquire grimoires, and--
Elder texts
of forbidden magicks.
And I say, "magicks" with a K,
as in the traditional, actual magicks.
Not just leger de main.
And these were held within the library
at the Presidio?
No, these were at museums across the country.
Okay, all right.
Or within the Commonwealth.
And the, of the former British Empire.
And they were in museums of universities.
So you were sent?
No, what I worked with was O.C.L.C.,
the Online Cataloging and Library Cooperation Program.
Okay.
And through that, I used the
inter-library loan and exchange program
to get these grimoires, which were--
You mean, you could
check these books (laughs) out?
(mumbles and laughs)
I need to put, yeah, I need to put this into perspective.
These books, of course, were in refrigerated safes.
And no one could even access them within academia
of these universities, unless they were studying
that particular subject and had clearance.
But what happened was, using his security clearances,
what he invoked was that this was a national security issue.
So, Colonel Aquino said, "We need these grimoires
"in the sense that John Dee needed grimoires
"to service his Queen."
He said, "We need these for the U.S. Government.
"These are a national security issue.
"I need to analyze these documents,
"and therefore I invoke national security to make a claim
"for library loan of these documents so I may use them."
Explain what a grimoire is.
A grimoire is a occult text,
a manuscript of spells, of various forms of occult ritual
that have been put into,
put into writing, because most of these were
in the days before print,
these are hand-written texts.
And so, therefore infinitely valuable, they're priceless.
It was only through the claim of national security
that he would have the right to even look at them.
They're, by handling them,
you're endangering the manuscript.
So, in other words, the integrity of the pages themselves.
Right.
And so they would never allow people to look at them
without incredible justification,
which he was able to pull, using his security clearances.
So, how were these transported, then?
These were transported by courier, as they would transport
any priceless antique.
Okay, so the courier came to you.
That's correct.
So the courier would bring them to the Presidio
military base library,
but the reason the rituals were performed within the library
was because perforce, they could not leave the library.
The books could not leave the library.
That is correct.
So, yeah.
And so Colonel Aquino had to perform the rituals there,
which was how I was able to witness so many of them.
And...
And, can you go into that?
What exactly was done?
Who participated?
And in the name of what?
Well, Colonel Aquino had expanded his Temple of Set,
so that he had incorporated many high-level officers.
Many high-level officers were attracted to his elitism,
and the hierarchical structure of the sorcerer.
It was a further form of specialization and empowerment
that they were hungry for,
and so he, I had never seen a single person
who was part of his coven,
who came into the library who was below the rank of Major.
These were high-powered Majors.
Colonels, Generals, and even though he was
of lower rank than they, he was the Chaplain.
He was the specialist, so there were more than a few Generals
who were willing to kowtow to his specialization,
and follow his lead and his commands
through the invocation of ritual.
And the important thing is that they had to concentrate
on following him completely,
because the most dangerous thing in ritual
is the breaking or severance of gnosis.
When you enter a state of gnosis, or intimate communion
with the entity you have summoned--
Say, the sudden distraction of incoming gunfire,
people are breaking into the room.
If that breaks you out of gnosis (claps), the entity breaks.
(claps)
And the entity breaks in such a way that he's uncontrollable.
And at that point, you've unbound something
(claps) which you can never put back in the box.
It's like nuclear power, with a meltdown.
Very similar to that.
And as I described in the presentation,
we were dealing with some of that meltdown
when some of these asinine officers were doing the ritual
without Colonel Aquino's supervision.
Different types of ritual.
So, but in the case of what I saw,
some of the rituals that were invoked were rituals of the
assault against an enemy,
where a wax hand was utilized to represent
the hand that offended thee.
And that was placed in the middle of the protective circle
and what they invoked was a kind of entity of nullification,
or death.
A kind of entropic agent
that had many names in ancient languages,
that would be almost useless to pronounce.
You saw some of the
angelic, as they would call it, text or script,
that I was showing last night.
Now, it's an interesting term.
We have to remember that even though they're summoning
demonic entities, the entities would speak with
what was known as angelic script, or angelic text.
You could invoke them because these are essentially
fallen angels, or how they were interpreted as.
A Luciferian type of, yes.
Yes.
A Luciferian, a Luciferan paradigm.
And so by using Enochian script,
or various other kinds of ancient scripts or symbols,
you could appeal to them in a language
that they had once used.
And, but one of the things that I saw,
as I described last night, was while I was working with
the ovens, as I said, I meant--
Explain why you were working with the ovens.
Yes, my job was document destruction.
One of my primary responsibilities.
And entailed in that purview was the destruction
of thousands and thousands of documents
that were never released to academia.
Certainly never released to the press,
and therefore, as Colonel Aquino would express it,
I was doing Satan's work, whether I was a Satanist or not.
I was doing The Devil's work, because what I was performing
was a form of cultural genocide.
Depriving future generations of knowledge of the past.
And without firm foundations in the past,
no one could make sound decisions for the future.
And therefore, they would always be easily duped
by leaders such as he.
How did you feel--
Now, just, just as an aside,
how did you feel about that?
Oh, of course I felt...
Really.
Vindictive, and certainly my way of fighting back
was to take copious notes.
One of the reasons I was--
What you're doing now.
Is part of it.
What, what I'm doing now is exposing what I took notes on
for all those many years.
Yes, yes.
And so it was towards this end that I was ultimately...
paving the way for my own rebellion.
And so by working with him, we have to remember however,
that I have the deepest respect for him in the sense that
as a warrior of the darkness, he was true to his cause.
If there were other men, he, in that sense,
was as true to his cause,
as any Christian crusader of the days of the middle ages.
And as I said, when he dies and goes to Hell,
he will sit by the side of his master.
He'll not be tossed into the pits.
Yeah.
And...
He was fully committed.
He is fully committed.
And so in that sense, he is to be respected.
And there was much to be learned from him,
in that sense.
But I was not one of the men who wanted to become
part of his Temple of Set,
part of his personality cult,
and part of his empire.
So now let's go back to what you were saying
you noticed, or what you witnessed,
particularly when these idiots, as I think you said, idiots
(laughs) or something like that.
Yeah.
Yes, yeah.
Went about trying to evoke something
on their own.
That's right.
Certainly, that was a night where,
to put it into perspective,
strangely enough, unlike the San Fran--
And you had the ovens going,
'cause you were burning documents.
That's right.
And that's the way, that's the way Colonel Aquino liked it,
because there was--
While I was burning information,
while I was burning wisdom for the ages, so to speak,
he felt that not only was genocidal action taking place,
but he felt that I was invoking the very atmosphere
of the environment of Hell itself.
And because the entire library became hot,
these were huge incinerators, as I said,
some individual who was working with
the Department of Defense as a librarian,
doing the same technical detail, the same duty,
had been pig-faced drunk, fell into the incinerator,
it was large enough for a man to fall into.
We're talking about something large enough
to put a cadaver in.
Right.
And so this individual, of course, ultimately died.
Nobody worked with the incinerators for 10 years,
then when I became a librarian's aide, I got the scut job.
And it was dirty work, degrading work.
You get soot all over you like a chimney sweep.
You're constantly, your flesh is peeling.
Just from the heat.
And, but on the night that they did a broken evocation.
What had happened was that these 12 officers--
There's always supposed to be 13
inside of one of these rituals, as their magick
was structured.
And again, I emphasize that magick is a technique.
It is a technology for harnessing energies
in the same sense that you would use mechanistic technologies
to harness physics, or physical forces.
So what had happened was these men were
trying to test out these new automatic silencers.
A silencer is a disposable instrument.
You fire it off at a city, pew!
It's heard once, background noise dissipates it,
nobody pays attention.
When you're firing full auto, you would have to have
a silencer that dissipates or decays at a slower level.
So this was pretty cutting-edge technology.
And they were using some old M-16s with wooden stocks,
very rare in this day and age, to test it out.
These were at armories in the Presidio military base,
but there was no firing range.
So they used the Presidio playground,
and they were hanging up these little CPR dummies
that were like CPR children,
for people to practice child CPR.
They couldn't use adult ones,
because it was too heavy to lug around.
So they used the children's ones to make
harder targets as well.
And they hung them up on the swings.
So you had this very bizarre, morbid image
of these childlike effigies swinging on these nooses,
from the swings already in the darkness.
And they, since, they were doing it at night
so nobody will see what they're doing.
And these high ranking officers--
High ranking officers that'd probably been drinking.
And they said, "Well, we'll evoke the spirits so that we,
"we'll put it in the weapons so that we can fire these
"instruments in the dark.
"Nobody's gonna hear the suppressed silencers,
"nobody's gonna see us, and we'll practice this night firing
"and see what we can do."
So, they were doing this without night vision goggles.
I need to emphasize this.
And so, they were just gonna power the weapons,
and it'd be safe.
What was the distance?
The distance was enormous, it must have been...
You know, I'm so bad with this.
It must been, my God, it must have been at least 100 yards.
It's gotta be more than that.
Like a football field?
Yeah.
It's gotta be like that.
Seriously.
No, no night goggles
About half a football field.
'Bout half, half a football field, yeah.
Half a football field,
no night goggles.
Yeah, yeah.
Trying to shoot at something
the size of a child.
Yeah, in the dark, swinging from a bench.
Ah, swinging from a swing.
And so--
Challenging mark.
Challenging mark, physically impossible
under any normal circumstances.
If you're going full auto, you might catch something by luck
with a burst, you know, just swinging it.
But they weren't aiming for that.
They were empowering the instruments, is what their
intention was, so they were drew,
took the wooden stocks,
and they carved these pentagrams in the stocks,
and then they took the pentagram on the ground,
and basically they took some of their blood,
and put it, to blood the pentagram.
They summoned the entity, and while I was
working with the ovens, suddenly--
I knew what they were doing.
I was aware of what they were gonna do,
because I had to basically, they were filing everything
through the library.
Not in terms of putting it in books or accounting for it,
but they were just assembling everything
and doing the pentagram carving on the wooden stocks
in the library,
so I knew what they were doing.
I saw the, the flash suppressors and the silencers,
all the rest of that.
I knew what was going on.
So I was aware of their intent.
And I knew something was just, potentially wrong,
because Aquino wasn't there.
And so when they did what they did out in the playground,
and they're firin' away,
while I'm working with the oven,
suddenly, everything went cold.
I mean, not only the chill in the air,
not only the fact that you suddenly felt like you'd
been locked in a refrigerator.
And it was cold enough, physically, where you felt like
you'd slammed your fingers in a door.
Everything going numb to that point.
Like, you step outside during a sub-zero winter,
and just everything suddenly just going
bone-numbingly cold--
And you were still near the fire.
And I'm right near the incinerator.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm, I'm right near the incinerator,
it's going at full blast, and I realize I'm feeling no heat,
I'm putting my hand almost into the fire.
Almost to the point where I stop myself because
I've realized I'm gonna injure myself.
And then I said, "But I'm not feeling anything."
But worse than that, it was the numbness on the inside.
Everything was gone.
Any feeling I had towards love, or any feeling--
Like, love towards my parents, my mother and father.
All of that was gone.
Any kind of empathy that one had, like you feel
when you're petting or stroking an animal.
That kind of like, automatic biological empathy.
That kind of intercourse of life
that goes on between us.
Just as a natural effect, was just all gone.
All that empathy was gone, I wasn't feeling anything.
And I knew something had gone terribly, cosmically wrong.
And when I walked outside towards the playground,
as I'm walkin' towards them, I noticed that
there's something wrong in the environment,
because they're firing at full auto with the silencers,
and I'm hearin' it.
Like, "Chu, chu, chu, chu, chu, chu,
"chu, chu, chu, chu, chu."
It's chortling away.
And I'm saying, "I shouldn't be hearing this."
Because normally, ambient background noise
would be blockin' it out.
Even in the jungle, whether you're in the forest,
whether you're in the city,
there's ambient background noise,
either from the violence of animals fighting each other
for food in the local hedgerow, whether it's like
the crickets chirp--
There was nothing, none of that was going on.
There was no crickets, there was no, there was no animals,
there was no rustling--
Like life had ceased.
Everything had ceased in that area,
in terms of making any noise,
and I'm hearing that chortling so pronouncedly.
(snapping)
Said, "The noise has stopped."
And I walked up to them, and I said,
"Something's happened."
And they turned around, and all of their eyes were glowing.
Oh, jeez.
Just 12 of these adult men
in full uniform, they've got the bandages on their hand
where they'd performed the blood ritual.
Like I said, they must've been drunk.
There was a lot of blood in the pentagram.
More than a prick.
Yeah, more than a prick, like a cut.
Like they'd done with a boxcutter that they were using.
And so I went to look at the pentagram, and I said,
"You effed up, 'cause the circle wasn't closed."
Mhmm.
And, that's when of course, I turned around,
because I heard them just all cocking their rifles.
And I knew that their first immediate thought was,
well if they kill me, they can blood it enough
that it'll satiate the entity and it'll go back.
And of course--
Make, use you as a sacrifice.
That's right.
And of course, I wasn't scared,
because I wasn't feeling anything.
But, so the first thing I said was, "Why am I feeling this?"
And I realized it immediately, before they even spoke,
"Well we put your name in the context,"
because they needed 13.
So whatever ritual they'd invoked--
Oh, they'd pull you in.
If Aquino wasn't there, they'd put my name
in the context of the evocation.
So I was includ--
And normally, of course, that would be so outrageous,
so invasive, so,
such a violating act, anyone would feel so much outrage,
so much violation at that.
But of course, I wasn't feeling anything.
(laughs)
Yeah, yeah, you felt nothing.
And, and that was also one of the reasons
I wasn't frightened, I'm not feeling anything.
And of course, knowing what they were intending, I said,
"Your careers will be seriously impacted by my murder."
And that was what stopped them.
Then they put their guns down,
and they're saying, you know, "There's nothin' wrong."
You know, "It's gone into the weapons."
I said, "It's not the weapons, it's you.
"Your eyes are glowing.
"The entity's inside you,
"that's why you're hittin' your mark."
You know, because they had,
they had done the physically impossible.
Without night vision, they were hitting their mark.
Those, those little CPR dummies of children were swinging,
just in tatters, you know, on the swing.
Just this ghostly image of these shattered children,
swinging on the swing.
And I said, "We've gotta go back in.
"We've got to fix this."
And they were like, "Well, you're,
"you're from Asia, you're Buddhist,
"why don't you call on Buddha or somethin' like that,
"send this thing away?"
And I'm like, saying, "You don't understand.
"There's one of me, and there's 12 of you.
"We're gonna use your cultural context.
"We're gonna do this old school, we've gotta find a Bible."
And we went inside of the library,
and we're just tearin' the place apart,
and there was no Bible!
That was the first time I'd ever given it any thought
that we've got this major, central postal military library,
and it must have been denuded of anything holy.
Or anything deemed holy by anyth, any culture
during the decades that it's been in existence.
And I said, "Find anything!
"Find The Book of Mormon, anything similar."
And we're tearing it apart for a Book of Mormon,
but we couldn't find anything.
There was nothing considered holy by any culture
that was in that library,
and we finally, I said, "The children's room.
"Go to the children's room."
And we went into the children's room and we dug up this,
this tiny little child's Bible that had little pictures
of Jesus smiling like it was out of a toothpaste commercial.
I said, "This'll have to do."
And then I put it on the table and I said,
"Get on your knees."
And they, and my father--
I had never been baptized, but my father was a Catholic.
He's Caucasian, half German, half Irish.
My mother, of course, is Asian.
But I said, "We'll do the Lord's Prayer."
And that's the only thing I could think of,
was the Catholic Lord's Prayer.
And we started that, "Our father who art in Heaven,
"hallowed be thy name."
You know, just all the rest of that.
We just, and, and you couldn't get it out.
You couldn't get it out at all.
It was like there was a gag, a ball--
Like it was stuck in your throat.
Yes.
It was just, and
we were just choking.
And I said, "Get the pentagrams off the rifle butts."
And we, we started carving that off, scraping that off.
I said, "Put crosses on there."
And they're just, like, scraping it off.
And it's like something was physically preventing us.
We couldn't even get this done.
It just, it felt like it was taking forever.
And then we're finally like, trying to carve these crosses.
It took all of our muscular energy to do
what had seemed, for them, so simple
when they were coming in.
And then we finally got these crosses affixed to the,
all of these 12 rifle butts.
And then we put these guns down, and I said,
"Start the Lord's Prayer again."
And we're doing this, and we're just barely
able to get it out.
We're just choke--
Literally, choking on the words.
And just like there's a ball gag in our mouths,
we're feeling dry, this vinegary taste,
and, and we're finally, we're gettin' this out anyway.
And it becomes easier, progressively easier
and easier and easier,
and I'm just going, "God forgive us,
"we're your lost children,
"we are lost, we did a, made a mistake,
"we we we will never do it again.
"Please, dear God, please."
You know, we're just going through this desperate motion,
this infantile...
Begging.
Yeah, begging.
And then finally, it dissipates, and something rips.
Something rips from the inner core, the inner essence
of our beings.
Certainly from mine.
And whatever it was that was in there was so rooted
with, like a cancer, like a carcinoma,
that whatever was excised, it took something else with it.
Like, like removing a bit of whatever organ or tissue
that you have to when you're excising a carcinoma.
Or a tumor.
And I don't know what's missing now,
but I know something is missing from me.
I'll never be able to recall what it is,
but I think it's a happy memory.
Mhmm.
Something was taken that I feel, in essence,
was a happy memory.
Something that was important and loving
and beautiful to you, yeah.
Something important, something, yes.
Went missing with that.
But the...
The malignancy was gone.
The malignancy was gone, and we just all collapsed
onto the floor, and some of them just started vomiting.
Some of these officers just started, bleh.
Just instantly vomiting.
I'm so sorry.
That's, that's (laughs)
The, and I of course, was just, just totally drained,
totally exhausted.
We're all sweating.
We're just all pale, diaphoretic.
We're just, and we just lay there for what must've been
a good half an hour to 45 minutes,
just trembling, just innervated.
Just trembling, just literally trembling.
And then finally, I said, "Okay, get those damn rifles"
(laughs) "back into the armory.
"Get those children's CPR dummies off of that bench,
"and get out of here."
And of course, they went and did, they did just that.
And, but we left the pentagram with the blood on the ground.
As I said, tragically, just morosely, just malevolently,
symbols and blooded pentagrams were so common
throughout the Presidio military base, you could do that.
You could just leave that crap on the ground,
and the children would come and play on the playground
the very next day.
And no one noticed.
And they've seen so much of that, that no one even took it--
Everybody just took that for granted.
So let's get to the children now.
Because, as ill-advised and absolutely horrific
as that experience was,
it made what was going on there very real for you, obviously.
Yes.
You started to understand
the forces that were at work.
And now, let's talk about what happened
with the children there.
Okay.
And let's go on to what happened
with the children at West Point.
Yes, yeah.
The child daycare center at the Presidio military base
could house, at maximum, about a quarter
of a thousand children, about 250 children.
That's a lotta kids, if you've (laughs) ever dealt with kids.
And...
But over a period of several years,
it dwindled down to 180 children in attendance,
because they became so traumatized by the events,
that they refused to return, their parents refused
to bring them back, something horrible was going on
within the child daycare center.
What was going on there, that was so horrible,
was Gary Willard Hambright.
Gary Willard Hambright was my high school teacher.
Went to a vocational institute,
John O'Connell Vocational Institute,
in San Francisco.
They since tore it down, as a matter of fact.
The John O'Connell that exists in San Francisco today
is a totally reconstructed, reorganized entity,
having nothing to do with the John O'Connell
that I attended, which used to be in the Mission district,
in the Barrio of San Francisco.
What used to be a heavy Irish neighborhood,
which was why it was a working class vocational institute.
But everyone pretty much knew it as
San Quentin Prep.
It was, it was a very bad school.
Loaded with gang activity.
It was very similar because it was full of shops,
very similar to prison shops.
People were tattooing each other!
In that school.
And so, to give you an idea of the environment--
Your early education (laughs)
That's right.
But my, one of my teachers, I majored in commercial
illustration, so when I majored in commercial illustration,
my high school teacher in this regard was
Gary Willard Hambright, who was a
ordained Southern Baptist Minister,
it must be emphasized, without a pulpit.
So he was living in a church that was charitable enough
to give him a place to live.
So he was essentially homeless,
and he kept his child pornography at the school.
He obviously couldn't sequester it in the church facility.
So he kept it at the school, and he got away with it
because it's a commercial art course,
and illustration facility,
and so that shop would have all kinds of drawings
of anything for art references.
So he said, "All these naked children are for bodily
"references, for drawing kids."
Now, what was he doing at the school?
He was teaching commercial illustration, but--
Okay, this was at the O'Connell School?
That's correct.
Okay.
That's correct, but then he wound up getting a job
at the child daycare center.
He managed the child daycare center at the Presidio
military base.
And I, myself, remember some...
I was too old for him.
I was way too old for him, so I was never molested,
but I remember standing in the men's urinal once,
relieving myself.
He saunters in, you know, it's the manly thing to do,
like men do at baseball stadiums, relieving himself,
talkin' to me, "Hey'd you catch that new film,
"Quest for Fire?"
Don't know if you remember that comin' out in the 1980s,
about the cavemen, you know, discoverin' fire.
Yeah, I says, "No, I haven't seen that yet.
"What about it?"
He says, "Yeah, I liked that scene where they discover sex.
"You know, they're not just, you know."
(laughter)
"Humpin' each other to produce kids,
"they're actually like, givin' each other pleasure."
And stuff like that.
I'm like, sayin', "Oh that's interesting, I'll--"
Just demented conversation
(laughter)
standing next to somebody at a urinal.
And then, that was one of my early experiences with him,
in terms of a more like, off-color kind of remark.
Turns out he was much more seriously demented.
Yeah, yes, he was much more, yeah.
He was actually evil.
Not just, it wasn't just funny.
But, in terms of when we started hearing all of these
horrible incidents taking place,
the children started describing to me horrible things
in the children's room at the library,
what was happening to 'em.
None of the elder people took it seriously at the library.
They--
It was dismissed as childhood fantasies.
And so, but what had happened was ultimately
when the kids started coming home with Chlamydia,
Venereal Disease,
Herpes Zoster.
Every sexually transmitted disease imaginable,
it would be impossible to believe even a scumbag like
Gary Hambright could be infected with that many diseases
and be ambulatory.
Yeah.
Be actually able to walk.
Something horrible was going on that concerns--
That, that had to do with a lot more than him.
And I have no idea what it was,
but I do know he was one of the primary agents.
And we're talking about children
under the age of five?
That is correct.
When Gary Willard Hambright was indicted
by a federal grand jury in 1987, I believe.
Yes, it was '87, 'cause he was arrested in '87.
So when he was indicted by a federal grand jury,
he had no less than a dozen charges against children
that he was indicted for,
and not a single one of them was over the age of four.
And so Gary Willard Hambright himself
began to manifest the symptoms of AIDS.
And, horrendously, he died of AIDS while he was on trial,
and horrendously only in the sense of
it turned out that half a thousand children,
over many years, even though the facility
could only house 250 kids,
we're talkin' about, he'd worked there for a good
three, four, five years.
So--
And he'd abused that many kids
that 500 of them?
He'd abused at least half a thousand children.
And that's all documented?
Half, that half--
Was documented, because the child daycare center's
records were kept at the community center
of the Presidio military base of San Francisco.
Jeez.
And during the Autumnal Equinox of 1987,
that facility was burned to the ground
in a $500,000 blaze.
And--
And all the records with it.
So, he's gone.
The incident is, has, you know, is now just a matter of
lore, almost.
That's right, that's right.
The ATF investigated that fire.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms
confirmed it was arson.
And the United States Army said, "Well, we sent our
"investigators in, and they said it was an accident."
Yeah.
And it was their territory, it's on federal property.
Military property.
So the military jurisdiction overrode the ATF analysis.
And after that, the parents of the,
the impacted families of these children.
Obviously, some families had two or three children.
So half a thousand kids being impacted,
and about two, 300 families impacted.
So the army's answer was,
let's transfer these poor saps all over the world,
to Hell and gone.
So they separated them.
They separated them.
Some to Guam, some to Okinawa, some to the Philippines,
Subic Bay was still open at the time.
Some to West Germany.
You know, all over the world, the four corners of the Earth.
But before they were all separated,
three weeks after the community center was burned
to the ground, they all got together,
and they burned the daycare center to the ground
en mass.
Like something out of a Frankenstein or Dracula film,
where all of the accursed villagers get together
and burn the evil, and
and excise it out.
And that was a $50,000 blaze.
And it didn't take any investigations to find out
who did that.
But the army didn't press any charges,
they just separated 'em all, and...
So this is the, this is the
doings of one depraved individual, it appears.
Well, looking back on it.
Well, he was, yes that's right.
And I'm just, I just wanted you to share
what happened, because you were there.
So you had access to this knowledge.
Let's take it forward to, or out east,
to West Point Academy.
That's right.
And what was going on there,
so we can see it in a little more institutionalized way.
That's correct.
It wasn't only at the Presidio military base,
though the Presidio military base was
the center of the storm.
The storm's effects were felt nationwide.
And so, what had occurred was that
it turned out that at West Point on June of,
I believe it was '84, or
or between the years of '84 and '87, it was like the...
I'd have to look it up, but I certainly gave the correct date
in the presentation last night, but as you can remember--
Yeah, you don't have notes with you right now.
Right, I don't have notes with me right now,
but you understand I remember the Presidio thing directly,
'cause I was there.
Right.
But what happened at West Point was that
a 22-month-old child was murdered by a Staff Sergeant.
He got off with 18 months' suspension, and--
A suspension.
And a dishonorable discharge.
So, back in those days, you could not sue
the federal government, constitutionally.
So no actions were taken against him.
Just a month later--
That happened in June, then in July of that year,
a young girl was brought in who was
under the age of four, into the emergency room
of West Point's hospital facilities.
She had a lacerated vagina.
She said she had been sexually abused
at their daycare center.
And it turned out 50 other children were makin'
the same claims.
And, well it turns out that the building number
for the daycare center at West Point
was building number 666.
And--
So, do you feel in hindsight--
I mean, looking at all of this, was the evidence that
this was ritualistic, to be able to utilize
the Satanic forces?
Absolutely.
Abso, absolutely.
As I said, all the children referred to
my high school teacher as Mister Gary.
Gary Willard Hambright.
But they also described a Mikey, in perfect physical detail.
But that was Lieutenant Colonel Michael Aquino.
He was not there.
And as I said, I got him off the hook because,
especially San Francisco Police Department investigator,
Sergeant Sandi Gallant, wanted to nail his heart to the wall.
She had a visceral loathing of him,
because she specialized in Satanic crime, and
(both speak at once)
So she knew what he was doing, yeah.
She, she knew what he was about.
But I had to tell her, "Look, it's not him.
"It's my high school teacher Gary Willard Hambright.
"I'll tell you where the evidence is."
Because of that, we were able to get an arrest made,
because he fell into San Francisco Police Department
jurisdiction, and I had to tell her, "Look.
"Physically, Colonel Aquino has not been here
"for this two years.
"He has been in Washington, DC.
"I know, because I've had to handle all of
"his correspondence."
So--
But this was really important,
because this would never have been prosecuted
if it had been within the military.
That's correct, that is correct.
Yeah.
So that sets up this...
So, we have just a little bit of time left here,
and I guess my question would be, is,
we're hearing these really horrific stories
about what's happened within the military,
but how systemic are the Satanic practices,
to your understanding?
Well, as I said, with the molestation
of all those children at West Point,
what happened was,
I forget his name, 'cause I don't have my notes
in front of me, but certainly many officers
besides the individual I quoted at my presentation,
many of the higher officers refused promotion
and ultimately resigned in protest,
based on the fact that their children had been
raped and abused,
and nothing was being done
in terms of repudiation,
retributive justice.
So, they ultimately left the military,
and what happened was, with that officers' massacre,
so to speak, and that mass exodus
of more mundane, or secular, or Christian individuals,
or Godly individuals, if you would,
would say it that way.
Or that the lunatics took over the asylum,
is one way of putting it.
But...
I mean, Aquino's no lunatic.
So, in that sense, the Satanists took over.
So that--
So this is pervasive in the U.S. Military?
I'd say it's predominant.
Okay, kay.
And as I gave the names of the
two four-star Generals, the six...
I believe it was...
Well, I know that the several Brigadier Generals
and several Major Generals.
I had, had mentioned all of the ranks ongoing
in the lecture, of course I had my notes in front of me.
Yeah.
But the number of Generals involved
is astronomical.
(laughs) And it's so pervasive, in the fact that
they have incorporated the First Earth Battalion
paraphernalia and agenda,
which was organized by Colonel Michael Aquino.
Through Jim Channing.
Through Lieutenant Colonel Jim Channing.
For anyone who's seen the movie.
Yeah, mhmm, yeah.
Rather silly movie, Men Who Stare at Goats,
these are the characters we're talking about here.
That's right, and what I found so offensive about that film
was, of course, it takes a very serious,
and if you will, diabolical agenda,
and it turns it into something funny.
And it makes it looks almost lighthearted.
And besides from that, it's disinformation.
Because in The Men Who Stare at Goats,
they bring up and emphasize this myth,
"Well, dogs are man's best friend.
"These guys are just too, you know, empathetic
"with the animals to do any harm to them,
"so they replace them with something that looks
"a bit more Satanic or diabolical, the goat.
"And that way, they can concentrate on tryin'
"to kill it.
"Yes, focusing their brain power."
And all the rest of that,
and it's, it's such a load of crap,
because at the Presidio military base,
we had the Letterman Army Medical Center,
and the Letterman Army Medical Center
was ultimately responsible for training,
at all times, 25 percent of the army's medical doctors.
So, we're talkin' about an enormously influential
institution within the army.
It was the first U.S. Military hospital as a structure.
As I said, until that point in time, the military was
taking advantage of other civilian hospitals,
or they were using field hospitals.
But it was like, one of the oldest military hospitals
in the United States, if not the oldest.
And, so as I said, we didn't have a firing range.
But there were places where they would test these weapons.
I was mentioning these drunken officers at night,
doing this on a lark in the playground.
But they had other specific test facilities
behind the Letterman Army Medical Center
that were more rangey, so to speak,
where they used thousands of dogs to test ballistics on.
And that means explosive ammunition, full auto,
poison ammunition, anything you could imagine.
Frag and shrapnel ammunition,
and, as I showed photos of the other night,
some of the dogs obviously died in medical procedures.
Where they were totally exsanguinated.
Every amount of blood taken from their body,
the sexual organs removed, the skin removed.
And just dumped at the side of the road.
Now this is where the (claps) strangeness comes in.
Is (claps) why not dispose of them in a medical facility,
in a medical fashion?
But no, they're taken out, and they're left at places.
This was ritualistic.
This was done in a sacrificial manner.
And that was what Lieutenant Colonel kept,
kept talking about.
"Well, no one is going to harm a goat on my base!"
Because the goat and the ram are the totenic,
totemic animals of the Baal, Baphomet,
the theistic Satanic theol, paradigm.
And, so they were, they were killin' dogs.
And that shows you the lack of empathy these sociopaths
and psychotics had.
And, so--
And by that, I'm talkin' about all of the MDs,
and all of the technicians, and all the ballistics experts
who were involved at the Presidio military base.
Well, and they did experiments on humans too,
didn't they?
They did indeed.
And as I showed photographic evidence of last night,
for years while I was working at the Presidio military base
of San Francisco,
they experimented on prisoners.
And these prisoners went, if you will,
willingly, in the sense that
you can never call it willingly, because they're prisoners.
But at the same time, they went willingly
in the sense that they were offered
revocation of sentences.
They were offered pardons,
sometimes in full, sometimes in part.
They were offered shortening of sentences,
and are, or...
Just so many deals that they could get.
Even extra privileges in prison
if they would volunteer for various medical experiments.
Some of them were quite funny,
and like, when I was working at the library--
And this is how I was involved with them, was because
all these prisoners, while they were on base,
and isolated in experimentation,
had to have something to read.
And so in that sense, they were escorted by the
military police, the MPs,
up to the Presidio military base library,
where I would allow them to peruse the contents
of the library and then take and borrow reading materials.
And, so the funny things would be like,
experiments where the doctors were feedin' them
nothin' but salmon.
For six months, salmon tofu, salmon burgers,
just salmon everything.
And then these guys'd come in, just to the point of madness,
"Ah, I got a candy bar!
"Oh, a candy bar!"
(laughter)
Just, like you know, and I'd have to hide
the candies, everything, you know.
Just, you know, "Oh!"
Just, just drooling over, you know, just,
"Oh, the Hershey's, please!"
And, and it was just, you know,
and all of them because they're on,
it's a salmon diet, and whatever protein was in there,
whatever agent was in there,
whether they're black or caucasian,
they were turning orange.
Just all of them were just turning orange,
just, you know, over this period of months.
(mumbles)
But these are, are more harmless.
And they were probably just given priven,
prison privileges, or maybe some really moderate
sentence reductions for something like that.
But some of the experiments were far more sinister.
And, and some of these men would disappear.
Off the records.
Completely.
And in the prison system, that can happen,
all too often.
And the military system cooperating with the prison system,
you have kind of an unholy alliance.
And as I showed from the severed head
that I had displayed on my photograph last night,
obviously, one of those prisoners died screaming
in terror and pain.
Right, so it was probably some ritualistic thing?
It had to be, it had to be.
Or, yeah yeah.
Because the head wasn't disposed of
in some medical fashion.
In an incinerator, or a bath of acid or anything like that.
And why was it separated from the body
to begin with?
It was separated from the body, obviously ritualistically,
and left in a, in a place--
You have to remember that all 1,500 acres
of the Presidio military base
are desecrated Indian burial ground.
This was the tribal burial grounds of the Ohlone
First Persons Nation.
That had been stolen by the Spaniards, the conquistadors
in 1776, established as a Captaincy of Spain,
and ultimately taken by the Americans in turn.
Told in, or turned into the headquarters of
The Western Defense Command,
one of the most important military bases
in the constellation of bases in the United States.
Responsible for the logistical center focus of all
deployments overseas to the Pacific,
from, and to South America
via the Pacific coast.
Throughout World War One, World War Two,
Korea, Vietnam, saw far more action than
most eastern military bases, in that sense,
as a logistical center point.
So, and ultimately even with all of that going on,
it still had to be closed.
Because of the enormity of the scandals that took place.
It was ultimately closed as a base in 1994.
And surrendered to the U.S. Park Facilities.
And they, in turn, abused their ownership of it by,
or management of it, by turning it over to private,
absentee landlords like George Lucas, through Lucasfilms.
So, and the military base, Letterman Army Medical Center,
of course it goes without saying, was torn down.
I showed a photograph of it in the presentation,
of it being deconstructed.
Whatever evidence could be found of that
was also taken (mumbles).
So, it's dark history
about the experimentation, the sexual abuse of children,
the Satanic rituals.
All of that is essentially gone, disbanded from that area.
That's right.
But it's not gone from the military?
No, no.
And in terms of the Presidio itself,
I recommend any tourist who wants to occupy themselves
doing this, is welcome to go to the Presidio military base,
check out places that I've pointed out and,
but one of the most fascinating and sinister aspects
of it is, we have to remember, it was a coastal garrison.
Had enormous batteries of cannonade to protect the coast
from incoming ships.
And as a matter of fact, the
community center, which was adjacent to the daycare center,
was also right behind the building
of Colonel Aquino's Intelligence Defense command
where he did systems analysis for military intelligence.
So, we have all of these facilities right next to each other
in this convenient cluster,
and I know for a fact, because I destroyed the maps,
they were all connected with an underground series
of tunnels, because in the old days,
these were all artillery batteries that were bunkered.
The bunkers were interconnected by a tunnel system,
of blast tunnels, to protect themselves from enemy
bombardment.
As we entered the atomic age,
they became expanded and lead-lined
to protect themselves from nuclear fallout.
So we have an enormously complex and well-fortified
series of bunker systems,
but as they took the cannon out, as cannon became obsolete,
there were Nike Zeus missiles that were
at the Presidio military base for a short while.
They were taken away.
But in the meantime, all of these bunkers
weren't being used for anything,
so the one that was the central facility,
the central bunker that was near all of the buildings
I just described, was converted into the central
Satanic ritual center.
Everyone knew it was that.
Everyone saw the trappings, the pentagrams,
the chalices for blood, all the rest of that was there,
on public display for anyone who cared to look.
And everybody knew this was an essential part,
and they just said, "Aw, it's an alternative religion.
"Freedom of religion."
This is why Colonel Aquino could go around
in full, white pancake makeup,
full-face white pancake makeup, the clipped eyebrows,
the 666 tattooed on his scalp.
The widow's peak.
(cell phone rings)
Sorry about that phone.
I should have had that on silent.
So, what had happened was even though
the Satanic ritual chamber was onsite,
and everyone knew of it,
it was always dismissed and belittled as an
alternative religion.
This is just part of the new spirituality.
And this is why Colonel Aquino himself
could go around, on base, in full uniform,
in full-faced white pancake makeup,
the clipped eyebrows, the widow's peak,
the 666 tattooed on his scalp.
And he could do this in full appearance
because he was constitutionally
in defense of the freedom of religion.
He was constitutionally protected by the
freedom of religion, and it was one of the reasons why
he was officially recognized by The United States Army
as their official Satanic Chaplain.
And as a result of that, he paved the way for,
in a positive sense, (laughs) perhaps,
pioneered the way for Wiccan Chaplains,
Pagan Chaplains,
depending on what one feels about religious permissiveness,
I'd certainly, I'm not as threatened or I don't feel
any of us are as threatened by,
but to some people it's all equated.
But it was definitely,
he pioneered the way for,
perhaps in a more positive sense,
Buddhist Chaplains.
(laughter)
But...
Well, small blessings within all of that.
Yes, that's right.
That's right.
Well, when you look at this in its totality,
if you were speaking to a kid
who's looking for a path in life,
and you've, you were in the military,
your father in the military 30 years.
Yes.
What would you tell them today?
I would tell them to stay out of the military!
That's a, that's definitely one thing I would emphasize,
is that, as I emphasized last night,
what has happened increasingly,
and...
My perspective on this is rather interesting.
I do bel--
I do blame the American military's descent into Hell,
literally,
on the cessation of the draft.
But interestingly enough, you're kind of caught
between a rock and a hard place,
because one of the things that thinned the ranks
of the officer corps of the conventional salt of the Earth
American background,
was the Vietnam War.
As I pointed out, I need to emphasize the fact that
people look at the Vietnam Memorial Wall.
They see about 57,000 names.
And I keep emphasizing, "Look.
"That wall was not set up by your U.S. Government.
"Was a young Asian, South Vietnamese immigre
"from the Republic of South Vietnam who appreciated
"the sacrifices that the Americans had made
"to defend her anti-communist republic so much,
"she conceptualized and designed, and ultimately led
"to the funding, of the Vietnam Memorial Wall."
If your government, the U.S. Government had had a choice
in the matter, they would've had everyone just forget
the Vietnam War, and allow it to languish into,
into memory.
Or the absence thereof.
But the Vietnam Memorial Wall puts it in everybody's face.
That's in spite of the U.S. Government, not because of it.
It's very difficult to get a name on the wall,
because many of the men who were injured in theater,
thanks to modern technology of medivac,
the medical evacuation via helicopter,
then to Saigon, then to a plane, on a cargo transport plane,
or a personnel transport plane to Hawaii,
then to the United States.
Many of these men critically injured in Vietnam
would die in Hawaii,
or they would die in The United States.
They're not counted as combat fatalities.
Right, it doesn't count, huh.
Okay.
And so there's far more men.
Double, triple the number of men died in Vietnam
than are on that wall.
And as wonderful as that wall is,
it cannot serve its purpose until we recognize this.
Well, and many died in a larger sense,
even while they were living.
Of course, of course.
You've talked about the homeless statistics
in the very beginning.
That, that's right.
And, but beyond that,
also missing in action.
There are many men missing in action
who are not on that wall.
And we can only assume, logically, that the vast majority
of them are dead, certainly at this point.
And,
and with that in mind, that wall is not the end all
be all in terms of the statistics of fatalities.
So I'm tryin' to tell people beyond that,
there were 600,000 men in Vietnam at any one time.
Certainly from 1968 on.
At least half a million men would be in country.
You count that for the 11 years of the Vietnam War,
you're talkin' about a good 11 to 12 million men,
cycled in and out of Vietnam.
So 20,000 officers killed, which is what I destroyed
the documents concerning,
died by fragging, killed by their own men.
That's what really thinned the ranks of the Officer Corps
in the beginning.
And then was this partly because of the
nature of that war?
(clears throat)
Absolutely, absolutely.
You see--
I mean, there were such, such incredible
wearing down the psyche, and--
Yes, yes.
And what I try to emphasize to people is,
I was a Marine.
Obviously I was too young for Vietnam.
I was in Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm.
But as a Marine, I can tell you that
during the Vietnam War,
people were drafted into the Marine Corps.
People don't understand that, in those days,
you didn't volunteer to be a Marine.
You could, but you could be drafted into a Marine.
They'd line the guys up at the induction centers,
and they would just say, "Every fifth person in this line
"will be a Marine."
Literally, can you imagine standing in that line
and suddenly you're, "You're number five!
"You're number 10!
"You're number 15."
No.
"You're a Marine!"
And then, so these guys were not only drafted,
but in, in the Marines in Vietnam, they had the disadvantage
of medical, excuse me, of military transport
done by helicopter.
And thanks to helicopter warfare,
they were transported from combat site to combat site,
so they saw combat every day that they were in Vietnam.
The Marine in World War Two
had it easy.
And this is what I keep tellin' people.
The battle in Iwo Jima, the battles in Okinawa,
these are monumental battles.
These are terrible battles.
These are apocalyptic battles that took their toll
and killed battalion after battalion of Marines.
But after these intense battles,
which would last for a month,
you know, at the most,
you have this logistical buildup period,
then this intense conflict,
but the rest of the war, their four years in the service,
would be maybe one battle a year.
So you're talkin' about like, the average Marine would spend
a good six months waiting for the next buildup.
And so they had plenty of time to recuperate,
to regather themselves, to come to grips with
whatever issues they're contending with,
spiritually or otherwise, in terms of their mortality.
And then go into the next battle.
Kay, in Vietnam, they're statistically saw
10 times the combat of any World War Two Marine.
Just every day was under fire.
You're just flown from one combat zone to another
every single day.
By the end of that nine months in service,
because they spent three months in basic training,
then nine months in service,
by the end of your tour of duty after a year,
you were a shattered wreck.
Right.
That was just a,
you just, could you imagine coming home after that
with just spending every day for nine months
under fire?
And in terms of that, many of the men took it out
on their officers, so they fragged them,
which meant to kill them, to kill their own officers.
And that Lieutenant Colonel Jim Channing,
I told you about, that became the battering ram
for Colonel Aquino,
he himself was an officer in a platoon where,
excuse me, in a battalion.
He was a Platoon Commander in a battalion
where he was the only survivor out of five other Officers
within a five-month period of time!
Jeez.
And, as I said, the largest race riots
in American prison history
did not take place in The United States.
They took place in the military brig,
the military imprisonment facility at Long Binh Jail.
Everyone called it L.B.J., in Saigon.
In South Vietnam, where you had thousands
of blacks and whites goin' at each other
in the prison facility over there, in a big gang war.
And what were most of these men in L.B.J. for?
Fragging their Officers!
So, the idea of 20,000 Officers, even though the military
will deny it officially,
I destroyed the documents, I know 20,000 Officers died.
Vietnam was the most dangerous war in the history
of mankind to be an Officer.
And as a result, the Officers' Corps was so eviscerated.
All of these good ol' boys, the old boys' network of,
these wholesome types,
they were all gone, and that's where men like
Colonel Aquino filled the vacuum.
And with the final child molestation apocalypse
that took place within the homeland of The United States,
where many other Officers,
the younger post-Vietnam wave resigned,
he gained total control.
So, there's no other way of looking at it,
than your American Military, the United States Military
is Satanic, at this point.
It's got Satanic high command structure.
At this point in history.
There is no other way to look at it.
I know that from the,
from the depth of what I was working with.
And, so,
and here's where the prison environment comes in, too.
After they got rid of the draft,
of course America's never been a prison cul--
Excuse me, never been a warrior culture
in the sense that I mentioned,
so it doesn't have a traditional--
As the Japanese and others, yes.
Yeah, yeah it doesn't have a milit, a warrior caste.
So as a result, they have to count on whoever they can take
to go in their military.
So after the Vietnam War, there was tremendous
personnel and staff problem.
And they're wondering, "Well, what do we do?
"How do we get more people in here?"
Well, eventually they turned to the dregs.
And what's going on in Iraq right now,
is many of these men are literally criminals.
They're men who are given an option of jail
or military service to their nation.
And so you're talkin' about today, the U.S. military
is indeed, overwhelmingly men who would
otherwise be in prison.
And, you're not takin' would-be college kids.
You're takin' a bunch of guys who are hard cases.
And you have the same--
And in some cases, kids who are just lost
and have no idea what to do.
Yes, that's right.
Now, I've made the example of Patrick Tillman.
After 9-11, during the terrorist attacks of 9-11,
you get this wholesome, clean-cut golden boy
says, "I want to go out and serve my country.
"I want to go out and get back at the people
"who struck at us."
He becomes a U.S. Army Ranger, he's an Officer.
He winds up leadin' a bunch of these hard cases
into a charge in Afghanistan, and they frag him
right in the back at point blank range.
What do you expect to happen?
This guy's got no knowledge of prison culture,
nor should he have knowledge of such.
And, but he's put into this environment.
He doesn't know what he's dealin' with,
and he pays the price.
And I'd hate to see other people coming from
that kind of background suffering that kind of fate.
And the U.S. Army did everything it could to cover it up.
And they've said, "Oh, it was an accident."
Oh yeah, all this other stuff.
The guy's got M-16 rounds in him at point blank range,
according to the military coroner, himself.
And they first said it was enemy fire.
They first said all kinds of crap,
whatever they could do to hide it.
And this happens again and again.
It's not as bad as Vietnam, that we know of.
But what do we know?
Yeah, that's true, we don't know.
And--
All the images are
very well-groomed, coming out of there.
Yes.
Most of the people that
cover the war aren't allowed anywhere near
those zones.
Yes.
They stay in hotels.
That's right, that's right.
And the reporters are embedded.
That's right, yeah.
They're embedded journalists.
And so when I'm emphasizing what's going on in the military
right now, in terms of the post-draft military,
you've had more and more of a prison-like culture.
And just like in prison, where you have White Supremacists,
they ethnically enclave, and you have Black Nationalists,
you have Latino Revanchists, part of La Raza.
And they go at ends with each other
based on ethnic enclaving.
And so, as an Asian, just like there's very few Asians
in prison, I was one of the few people in the military
who was Asian.
And, they're such a minority that statistically
they're not even really rateable
as being a component of the military.
But at least I was neutral to these gang fights.
And--
But you had your feet in both worlds, too.
Although, were you still categorized as Asian,
or classified as Asian even though,
technically you're Eurasian?
Well, it's interes, it's an interesting point.
Certainly to Caucasians, I'm usually automatically
classified as Asian.
To Asians, I'm automatically classified as Caucasian.
And so, yeah, foot in both worlds,
but not really part of either one.
Yeah.
But, which was, what has always given me
the ability to speak the way I do,
because I've always had a sense of detachment.
Yes.
And, and your mother, as I recall?
Oh, half ch, yeah, her father was Chinese
and her mother was Japanese,
and she was born in Tokyo before World War Two.
And it's part of why I try to emphasize to people,
is that Japan has always been a multi-ethnic nation.
That doesn't contradict at all, what I said originally,
about them being a very familial nation.
But they've always had Chinese, and Okinawan,
and Taiwanese, and Korean minorities
within Japan.
Any culture that old is not gonna avoid that.
And, but her father was a Chinese man
who was respected enough by the Japanese.
That way they didn't mind him marrying
a Japanese woman in the capital city of their nation
before World War Two.
And, that was something I was going to bring up
about the swastika, to give people an example of that.
Yes, do, please.
We were talking about these symbols.
Yeah, off-camera, we were talking about it.
It's interesting.
Yeah.
Certainly, the swastika in Asia has none of the malevolence
attributed to it that it does in the west.
Because it is viewed as the heart
of the Bodhisattva Amitabha.
It represents the centripetal or centrifugal direction
of forces, depending on which direction it's turned in.
When it's reversed into a different manner,
the way the Nazis used it, is known as a savastika, or...
But that doesn't mean it's harnessing dark forces.
It just means it's harnessing a different direction of force.
It's just as the pentagram, when it's just a star,
is harnessing cosmic energy,
and when it's inverted or pointing downward,
it's harnessing Earthly energy.
There's different forms of symbolism,
and the symbol itself is neutral,
but we imbue our,
we imbue our values on them.
And the more simplistic a symbol is,
the more it becomes a brand name,
or a brand symbol that iconographs
some kind of emotive response.
And to give you an example of how different
the situation is in Asia as opposed to the west,
the swastika was not only always there traditionally
and also found on Asian military vehicles
or on Asian churches or temples.
And westerners see that, and they're just aghast,
and they say, "Oh, that's like some kind of
"negative temple, or church."
Or they take a look at the swastika
on Asian Military vehicles and they say, automatically,
"Nazi."
Comes up in their brain.
And...
But beyond that, the Nazi swastika itself,
that of Adolf Hitler, who was cultivating a alliance,
not only with Japan, but with Nationalist China,
unknown to the vast majority of academics,
let alone the late public.
Everyone has heard peripherally of the Afrika Korps,
but the Germans of the Third Reich had an Orient Corps,
and I certainly have many, many photographs
that I can put, that I can access to bring to the public eye
of many, many Chinese in Nazi uniform.
And that was the point, was that he had supplied
and trained, through the Orient Corps,
many of the Nationalist Chinese forces,
and they were fighting against the Japanese
wearing the German Stahlehlm,
and these German uniforms as the alliance
became more convoluted,
and Adolf Hitler was forced to choose sides in the alliance.
But during the period of the Nanjing Massacre,
when the Japanese really cut loose
and were massacring all of these people.
The man's name, I believe, was Stroop,
and there were several other Germans involved.
It was the entire German Embassy that was in China
who were die-hard members of the Nazi Party,
and they appealed to Adolf Hitler, they said,
"We need help in terms of sheltering as many people
"within the Shanghai refuge as we can."
And the Nanjing refuge, they were establishing.
There was a tremendous international community in Shanghai.
There was a tremendous international community in Nanjing.
But they were establishing a refuge in Nanjing
for the people who were trying to escape the Japanese
massacre.
And, so what Adolf Hitler sent them
was a one-ton flag.
Literally, it was a flag, a German swastika.
A Nazi hazenkruis, a hakenkruis means, "twisted cross"
or "hooked cross" which means the swastika.
And so he sent them a flag that was so massive
that it literally weighed one ton.
And so when he sent this to Nanjing,
the German Ambassador unfurled it over this,
he covered an entire section of the city.
This huge, one-ton Nazi hakenkruis, or the swastika.
And the Japanese, of course, said,
"Well, we can't bomb that, we can't enter that,
"because that's a potential ally."
It's all, yeah.
And so, what the Japanese did was they ignored
all of the Chinese who managed to make it under that flag.
So under the shelter of that flag,
the German Embassy set up all of these lamps
and electrical facilities, and medical facilities,
and medical cots, and they saved thousands and thousands
of Chinese people.
So to this day, the Chinese people look on
the Nazi swastika as a symbol of refuge.
Yes.
And...
It's amazing how these symbols
are taken on by each culture.
Yes.
Depending on what our own
social lens is, at the time.
Yes.
That's fascinating.
Right.
Well, when I was in Kenya,
and I brought up the fact that I served as a mercenary
in Northeast Africa.
I went out, I brought that up in the presentation.
And I later went up into the Balkans,
but when I was a mercenary in the Horn of Africa,
I just had to make a stop in Uganda,
'cause I had heard that...
in their capital city, Kampala, I believe it is.
It's been so long, I keep, you know, I'm getting
Kinshasa mixed up with Kampala now.
But in their capital city, I had understood,
that there was a huge statue of Adolf Hitler
that was built during the Idi Amin regime.
And, and of course, Uganda had been a British colony.
But it was next to, door to Kenya which was,
it bordered Kenya, which used to be a German colony.
But when I went up into Uganda, and into their capital city,
I couldn't believe that it was still there.
And it was a huge statue of Adolf Hitler.
And when they found out my name was Dietrich,
my money was no good anymore.
They just gave me everything for free.
(laughter)
And I said, "So why do you like Germans so much?"
And they said, "We love Germans because
"they are white people who eat white people."
And to many of these darker ethnicities,
when they look at the films of the concentration camps,
all they see are Gypsies, Jews, Slavs,
and various other white ethnicities,
but all they see are jet white faces.
You know, I mean bleach white faces.
Right.
And, so when they see that, to them,
the Germans are heroes.
They're an anti-colonial force of liberators.
And so they look on Adolf Hitler as this kind of avatar
of, of retributive justice.
You see, demons in Africa--
This is one thing I found out in Africa.
Demons are agents of retributive justice
in Africa.
And the African perspective of demonolatry,
and demonology, is much more different
than what we have here.
And so, a demon can be your friend
if you learn to...
To be cautious in (laughs) its presence.
Is that like the Jin, for example?
Yes, yeah.
Yes.
The traditional view of the Jin in (mumbles)--
They can be your friend or your enemy.
That is correct, that is correct.
That would be the view in Africa.
And so, in...
That is how they view the Nazis, as white agents
of retributive justice.
Now, if you remember the Afrika Korps,
there was never any massacres or atrocities
against any black population.
They were in Northern Africa, and there was certainly
this view, again, of the Arab population of them
as liberators.
So you have this, this totally different perspective
on that entire phenomenon.
But believe it or not, in the vast majority
of Latin America, Africa, and Asia,
the Nazis are the good guys.
Hmm.
And that's, that's basically the rest of the world.
Yeah, yeah, yeah (laughs)
That's, that's basically any, anything outside
of the white world.
So, and that was my experience everywhere.
And my name, Dietrich, served me in good stead
wherever I was in the rest of the world,
in that regard.
This is absolutely fascinating, and...
Well, we normally only go an hour,
but you have so much to say.
We've gone over our time a little bit,
but is there anything else in conclusion,
on this sub, that you'd like to share with us
before we say goodbye?
Yes, I'd like to say that
our paradigms are going to be undergoing a massive shift
within the next few years.
Certainly, the next few decades will be apocalyptic.
And certainly what someone like Colonel Aquino
is hoping for, is that the ideology of Satanicism
will become a major religion.
And he hopes to use the military as an agent
in disseminating this religion.
Now, what we're faced with is also Islamicism,
and we have to view Islamicism as an ideology,
as opposed to the religious or spiritual devotion of Islam.
And we have major new religions that are on the scene
right now, and what this heralds is a new dark age.
See, in the original dark age of the Middle Ages,
there was no such thing as politics.
A man's religion was his politics.
You lived or died by being a Christian, or a Muslim.
There was no such thing as Europe.
In the Middle Ages, the closest concept that we had
to Europe was Christendom.
And, so what we have now is an entirely secular Europe
that is wide open to the Islamicist wave
of immigration and ideology.
And what we have in America are the new religions,
such as Satanicism.
So we are entering a new dark age,
where people are living and dying
by these new, idealized
or ideologically indoctrinated
religious paradigms.
And, it will, we will have to contend with
which ideologies will prevail in this dark age,
and what we want to prevail.
And we have to make that choice now.
What is it that we want to prevail?
So that we can struggle for,
for the ultimate victory or survival of that paradigm.
And certainly, Carl Sagan was very worried about this
in the sense that he's last book,
his last book was The Demon-Haunted World.
And he felt that we were entering a world--
And he didn't believe in demons.
But he was, he felt that we were entering a world
of new age mysticism, which threatened rational science.
And he felt that we were entering a world where
people who believed in channeling, and mysticism
and alien abduction, and the faerie folk,
and in the new age phenomena was threatening
rationalism, and leading to a new dark age
of mystical belief and manipulation.
Well, I say we're entering a new dark age
where the demons are real.
Mhmm.
And once you acknowledge that, and contend with it,
then...
Then we're entering a dark age that's very similar
to our last,
in which, certainly, demons were believed to be real,
and people relied on the church to,
to rebuke them.
But now there is no church.
That's one thing America does not have.
America does not have what Europe had.
What Europe had was The Church.
And America does not have that.
Although there does seem to be a rise
at this moment, in Christianity as well.
Evangelical.
Evangelical Christianity, that's right.
But the church is so much more dispersed in that sense.
It's not like a formalized spiritual army.
They considered themselves militant,
they're like crusaders in a sense,
they're like...
But are they willing to put on armor and heft up the sword?
Now that's what they did in the Middle Ages,
because they were involved in a defensive war
against Islam.
And in the middle ages, the Pope would go out
and not only consecrate armies,
he would lead them.
Now, are we in a, what do we have?
We have military forces that are now Satanic.
So.
How would you frame it
for any kind of personal sense of empowerment
in this situation?
I would--
Anybody watching this?
I would say that
what a person needs to contend with is...
We are facing a situation where, I think that people
need to recognize that there are new paradigms
that are going to change reality as we know it.
And that they adapt to that, and decide
if they want some concept of reality that they value
to prevail, then they had best be ready to organize
as a community
to survive the waves of violence that will be perpetrated
by violent, fanatical religions,
such as Islamicism and Satanicism,
that will be...
They had better be ready to defend themselves.
(inhales deeply) And on that note,
(clears throat) I've certainly interviewed people that are,
have looked at this from other kind of cyclical
points of view,
and we are in a period of the breaking down of the old
in every way.
And certainly, this would appear to be part of that decay.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So we just need to have knowledge, and then make our choice.
Well I, I, I'm very optimistic, to tell you the truth.
I feel that unlike--
Well, having worked for the federal government,
I can tell you for a fact that if anything happens,
it gets done by accident.
Conspiracies do occur,
but the only reason conspiracies such as those
that are orchestrated by an intelligent and dedicated man
like Colonel Aquino can succeed,
is because everyone else in his community,
the government surrounding him,
is so apathetic, so corrupt, so incompetent,
so stupid, so lackadaisical, and ultimately so deserving
of whatever happens to them,
that that's how a man like him gets away with it.
That's half the battle, right there.
When you've got cooperation from the enemy--
There you go.
Yeah, what more can you--
So we need to be informed, we need to
make our choices.
Yes.
Take care of our,
not only our own beings, and our own hearts,
and our own spirit, but also extend that out to community.
And join together.
Yes.
Sounds like that's what you're saying.
Yes, very good.
That's wonderful.
I couldn't have gotten that out without you.
(laughter)
Thank you.
You can learn more about Douglas' work in his video,
which is titled, Roswell and the Rising Sun.
This can be found on his website at
douglasdietrich, that's D-I-E-T-R-I-C-H, dot com.
For more on hidden agendas,
you might be interested in our interviews with Jim Marrs,
Stephen Bassett, and Michael Vara as well.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(dramatic music)